Riddle: What is round on the ends and high in the middle? | Answer: oHIo
Riddle: My first is often at the front door. My second is found in the cereal family. My third is what most people want. My whole is one of the United States. | Answer: RIDDLE:MATRIMONY (mat rye money). Which is certainly a “united state“!
Riddle: I am taken from a mine, and shut up in a wooden case, from which I am never released, and yet I am used by almost everybody. | Answer: Pencil lead
Riddle: A father's child, a mother's child, yet no one's son. Who am I? | Answer: I'm their daughter
Riddle: When you stop and look, you can always see me. If you try to touch you cannot feel me. I cannot move, but as you near me, I will move away from you. What am I? | Answer: I am the horizon
Riddle: A man was just about to put his key in the door when he heard his wife scream “No Charlie, don't do it!”The man walked in his house to find his wife dead on the floor next to a doctor, a lawyer and a police officer. None of them had name tags and the man did not know who any of them were. The only thing the man knew is that the police officer did it.  How did he know? | Answer: His wife yelled, “No Charlie.”The doctor and lawyer were both women, so the police officer had to be Charlie
Riddle: Five women each purchase a household item for use in a different room.  1. Mrs. Simpson does not keep her item in the bedroom. 2. Amy has a television; Mrs. Griggs has a hi-fi. 3. Kylie does not keep her item in the bedroom. 4. Clara does not have a telephone. 5. Mrs. Williams does not keep her item in the kitchen. 6. Kylie keeps hers in the conservatory. 7. Michelle has a bookcase; Mrs. Dingle has a computer. 8. Michelle does not keep her in the living room. 9. Mrs. Pringle keeps hers in the study; Roxanne keeps hers in the kitchen.  Can you work out the full name of each woman, her item and where she keeps it? | Answer: Kylie Dingle - Conservatory - Computer Amy Williams - Bedroom - Television Clara Griggs - Living Room - Hi-Fi Roxanne Simpson - Kitchen - Telephone Michelle Pringle - Study - Bookcase
Riddle: Who is it that rows quickly with four oars but never comes out from under his own roof? | Answer: A Turtle
Riddle: The following sentence is false. The preceding sentence is true. Are these sentences true or false? | Answer: Neither, it's a paradox. If the first is true, then the second must be false, which makes the first false; it doesn't work
Riddle: RIDDLE:When asked how old she was, Suzie replied, “In 2 years I will be twice as old as I was 5 years ago.”How old is she? | Answer: Use some math remember in 2 yrs she's twice as old  She's 12 ! 14yr / 2yr = 7yr add 5yr and get 12 years old
Riddle: What is significant about 3661 seconds past midnight on 1st January 2001? | Answer: The time and date will be 01:01:01 on 01/01/01
Riddle: You pick it, You peel the outside, You cook the inside, You eat the outside, And throw away the inside.  What am I? | Answer: Corn
Riddle: I have four wings, but cannot fly, I never laugh and never cry; On the same spot I'm always found, toiling away with little sound. What am I? | Answer: Holland. A Windmill
Riddle: I turn around once. What is out will not get in. I turn around again. What is in will not get out. What am I? | Answer: A Key
Riddle: My first is in fish but not in snail, My second is in rabbit but not in tail. My third is in up but not in down, My fourth is in tiara but not in crown. My fifth is in tree you plainly see, My whole a food for you and me. What am I? | Answer: I am a fruit
Riddle: An archaeologist finds a coin dated 48 B.C. How did he know it was a fake? | Answer: BC is before Christ. Christ was not yet born when the coin would have been made and the date would be impossible
Riddle: I am served at a table, In gatherings of two or four; Served small, white and round. You'll love some, And that's part of the fun. What am I? | Answer: Ping Pong Balls
Riddle: I am a tree, but I am very small... Who am I? | Answer: grass
Riddle: I make you weak at the worst of all times. I keep you safe, I keep you fine. I make your hands sweat, and your heart grow cold, I visit the weak, but seldom the bold. What am I? | Answer: Your fears
Riddle: On a fine sunny day a ship was in the harbor. All of a sudden the ship began to sink. There was no storm and nothing wrong with the ship yet it sank right in front of the spectators eyes. What caused the ship to sink? | Answer: It was a Submarine
Riddle: Pronounced as one letter, But look and you'll see, That really I'm written with three. I'm read from both ends, The same either way.  What am I? | Answer: I am an eye, or an ewe
Riddle: Which clock works best, the one that loses a minute a day, or the one that doesn't work at all? | Answer: The one that doesn't work is best as it will always be correct twice a day, but the one that loses a minute a day will not be correct again for 720 days (losing 720 minutes or 12 hours)
Riddle: In the NBA, how many men are on the basketball court for each team? | Answer: Five....I'll bet you guessed 10
Riddle: The answer I give is yes, but what I mean is no. What was the question? | Answer: Do you mind?
Riddle: Until I am measured, I am not known. Yet how you miss me, When I have flown.  What am I? | Answer: Time
